Virgo!Clever, analytical and methodical, the native of the sixth house of the Western zodiac easily assimilates new knowledge. Pragmatic and meticulous, the person born during the solar calendar period of Virgo is sometimes overly cautious in his relationship with others.
Pisces!Deeply intuitive, even mystical, the double and changeable personality of the native of the twelfth sign of the western zodiac gives him a clear-sighted and sentimental nature, but also a tendency to depression. His utopian ideas, just like the little attraction Science has for him, are in perfect agreement with his strong religious and mystical bent.
Leo!Attractive and charismatic, he naturally inspires admiration from others. His haughty and arrogant tendency should be contained as much as he can, especially if he wishes to keep close ties with his family and their friends alike.
Aquarius!A happy loner, capable of infidelity when he is in a relationship, he is able to display unsympathetic and harsh behavior with foreigners and family alike. While he can get caught in terrible anger outbursts, it's not uncommon that the negligence and lack of sensitivity of the native of Aquarius lead him to cruelty.
Taurus!The second zodiac sign of the solar calendar, Taurus is traditionally associated with plowing, when the reading of constellations of Western astrology was still closely related to agriculture, the main activity of humanity for thousands of years.
Gemini!Third zodiac sign of the solar calendar, Gemini is a natural messenger and traveler. Charismatic and gifted for speech, diplomacy is one of his main talents, offset by his incapacity to make decisions.
Cancer!The person born under the fourth zodiac sign of the solar calendar has a curious, versatile and dreamy personality, with a tendency to superstition and melancholy. Shy and even naive, not cartesian for a penny, he even has mystical aspirations, whereas his depressive nature can sometimes lead him to alcohol abuse.
Libra!Often nice, attractive and intelligent, the person born under the protection of the constellation of Libra, seventh zodiac sign of Western astrology, is a natural born artist. Gifted with great sensitivity, his artistic ability can only be tempered by an episodic lack of curiosity.
Scorpio!Eighth zodiac sign of Western astrology, the person born while the sun crosses the constellation of Scorpio is intelligent, creative, curious, sensual, but also prone to depression. He is faithful with his friends, but vindictive and underhanded when he feels threatened.
Sagittarius!Ninth zodiac sign of the Western calendar, the person born under the constellation of Sagittarius is idealistic, peaceful, optimistic and independent. With his family or with his friends, he is an ideal companion, thanks to his friendly and easy-going nature. He actually always tries to be helpful and is never short of good advice.
Capricorn!Ambitious, patient, meticulous, gifted with a high level of concentration, the native of the zodiac sign of the Capricorn tends to accomplish himself in the second part of his life. Skeptical or even indifferent to religion, the person born during the crossing of the sun with the constellation of Capricorn is a thinker, even sometimes a philosopher, who greatly appreciates long walks along the river or in the forest. Similarly to the plants he likes so much and whose growth is slow and deserve care and attention, his rise in life seems slow and difficult.
Aries!The most compatible signs with Aries are generally considered to be Gemini, Leo, Sagittarius and Aquarius. The least compatible signs with Aries are generally considered to be Cancer and Capricorn. Comparing sun signs can give a good general idea of compatibility.